feat(styles): tokenise radio buttons (#3540)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/slow-fishes-reply.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-styles': patch
---

> Started adapting the radio-button styles to match v2 design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aligned radio button styles with the new Post design.
```
